deprecating snapshot data persistence for AA (#2262)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rs/databases/active-active/manage.md

## Data persistence

> You can set the data persistence configuration using AOF (Append-Only File) data persistence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Active-Active supports AOF (Append-Only File) data persistence only.  Snapshot persistence is _not_ supported and should not be used.
```

The snapshot option for data persistence on Active-Active databases is not supported and should not be used (Althought possible to be configured).

> The snapshot option for data persistence on Active-Active databases will get deprecated in the next RS versions. Customers who are running Active-Active databases which are configured with snapshot data persistence are advised to reconfigure their data persistence mode to use the AOF option by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an Active-Active database is currently using snapshot data persistence, use `crdb-cli` to switch to AOF persistence:
```
